c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\obj\Debug\WegoTest1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\css\responsive.css
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\css\style.css
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\code_bold-webfont.svg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\code_light-webfont.svg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\light-webfont.svg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\regular-webfont.svg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\and-dev.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\code.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\code_icn.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\gps_marker.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\ideate.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\ios-dev.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\marker_icn.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\mind_map.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\mob_bg.jpg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\optimize.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\optimize_icn.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\overlay-pattern.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\phone_icn.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\php-dev.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\portfolio\1.jpg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\portfolio\2.jpg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\portfolio\3.jpg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\portfolio\4.jpg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\portfolio\5.jpg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\portfolio\6.jpg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\portfolio\7.jpg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\portfolio\8.jpg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\portfolio\9.jpg
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\psd-icn.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\psd.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\ps_icn.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\scr_down.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\soc-media.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\images\wp-dev.png
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\device.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\GETTING_STARTED.html
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\JavaScript_docs.html
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\jquery.gsap.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\plugins\AttrPlugin.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\plugins\BezierPlugin.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\plugins\ColorPropsPlugin.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\plugins\CSSPlugin.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\plugins\CSSRulePlugin.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\plugins\DirectionalRotationPlugin.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\plugins\EaselPlugin.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\plugins\KineticPlugin.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\plugins\RaphaelPlugin.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\plugins\RoundPropsPlugin.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\plugins\ScrollToPlugin.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\plugins\TextPlugin.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\TimelineLite.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\TimelineMax.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\TweenLite.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\TweenMax.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\jquery.diamonds.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\jquery.mb.YTPlayer.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\jquery.superscrollorama.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\jquery.wordrotator.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\modernizr.custom.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\pace.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\scripts.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\smooth-scroll.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\TweenMax.min.js
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\code_bold-webfont.eot
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\code_bold-webfont.ttf
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\code_bold-webfont.woff
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\code_light-webfont.eot
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\code_light-webfont.ttf
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\code_light-webfont.woff
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\light-webfont.eot
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\light-webfont.ttf
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\light-webfont.woff
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\regular-webfont.eot
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\regular-webfont.ttf
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\fonts\regular-webfont.woff
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\js\greensock\.DS_Store.bin
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\WegoTest1.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\WegoTest1.pdb
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\obj\Debug\WegoTest1.dll
c:\users\weg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WegoTest1\WegoTest1\obj\Debug\WegoTest1.pdb
